{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16960\viewh11860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 JS data types: \
\
OBJECTS (can be very complex): \
  \{ \} // todoList, arrays, functions\
\
PRIMITIVES (building blocks): \
  - string\
  - number\
  - boolean\
  - undefined  // value that hasn\'92t been set \
  - null  // \'91nothing\'92 \
\
When JS compares Primitives (e.g. 2 vs. 2), it compares VALUES.  \
\
When JS compares Objects, it compares REFERENCES (memory address).  \
\
So \'91passing by reference\'92 means passing by the memory address.  \
\
\
Hi Cenell and Andrei,  \
\
I\'92d like to check in with you about my situation and see what options are available.  It seems that I\'92m not able to complete my FEND by the deadline because of various family events (baby was sick, I was sick, etc.) and because I have to take several days to study the JavaScript basics tutorials.  I had a very difficult time completing the online resume project, arcade game project and the web optimization project because the Udacity lectures didn\'92t give me enough JS basics, and now I\'92m having a hard time following the JS Design Patterns class for that same reason.  I already started the external JS tutorials on my own and it definitely helps \'97 I was able to submit and pass my web optimization project today!  \
\
After I\'92m done with that tutorial, I will need about 2 weeks to complete my FEND.  As you can see from my progress, I\'92ve been very diligent with all the lectures and quizzes over the summer, so I think I deserve the chance to finish the program with a little extension.  Please let me know what you think.  I really enjoy this program (minus the lack of good JS basics course) and it would mean a lot to be able to finish it with a certificate and start looking for a real job.  I think for someone who didn\'92t have any background in programming, I accomplished a lot over the summer and I am very grateful for the opportunity you guys have given me!  \
\
Maria Blair }